Damn old man what are you doing
Li Qiang, this is my master
He saved you.
What to save, am I not fine?
Why does your hand hurt so much?
You dug two graves with your bare hands
Can it not hurt?
Me?
Dead girl
You're in big trouble, do you know what's wrong with me?
You invited three evil sins in a live broadcast the night before yesterday.
It has now killed more than 100 people
Everyone in Fengmen Village died overnight
You are the culprit
You're talking nonsense, I just did a live stream.
What did I do?
I just want to scrape together the surgery with my mom
What's wrong with me? It's okay. It's okay.
Be good, it's not your fault Zixuan
I didn't do anything.
Hahaha master
It's really not Yuqing's fault
Master, don't you often say that everything has its own will?
Perhaps the curse of this gated village
Sooner or later it will be opened
Oh, what a crime
Xu Binyan
Master, the evil spike in the mirror that day
It can't be him, can it?
strange
His sea bones were originally in the place of gathering shade
Could have absorbed Yin Qi to increase strength
Why is he on the girl's body?
It took a lot of effort to get the sea bones to the land of gathering sun